[EDU-3863] uninstall edge node (#671)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/deploy-journey/advanced-config/uninstall/uninstall-node.mdx

---
title: How to uninstall Edge Orchestrator Agent
description: Uninstall Azion Edge Orchestrator Agent and delete an edge node from the list of nodes.
meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_uninstall_agent
menu_namespace: deployMenu
og_image: ''
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/deploy/advanced/uninstall-agent/
---

## Uninstalling agent 

To uninstall Azion Edge Orchestrator Agent: 

1. Access your device from which you want to remove the agent. 
2. Open the terminal and go to the folder where the agent is installed. 
3. Run: 

```bash
sudo ./edge-orchestrator uninstall 
```

Output: 

```bash 
Edge Orchestrator was uninstalled successfully
```

From this moment on, your node won't receive updates anymore.

:::note 
Uninstalling the agent from your device doesn't remove the node from the list of nodes. To complete the process, you need to delete your node from the list of available edge nodes.
::: 

---

## Deleting edge node

:::caution 
Once an edge node is deleted, it can't be recovered.
::: 

### Via RTM 

> 1. [Access RTM](/en/documentation/products/guides/access-rtm/).
> 2. On the upper-left corner of the page, open the **Products menu**, represented by three horizontal lines, and then select **Edge Nodes**.
> 3. Find the edge node you wish to remove.
> 4. Hover the edge node and click on the icon of a trash can. 
> 5. Confirm the deletion by entenring the word `delete`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Access RTM](/en/documentation/products/guides/access-rtm/) > **Edge Nodes**.
2. Find the edge node you wish to remove.
3. Hover over the edge node and click on the icon of a trash can. 
4. Confirm the deletion by entenring the word `delete`. 
```
